h1. EHTabBar

Created by EGG HAUS, Inc.

EHTabBar is an imageless implementation of a tab bar similar to one found in Foursquare's iPhone application.


h2. Methods

_- (void) setTabs:(NSArray *) tbs;_
Accepts an array of NSStrings to set the titles of the tabs. The number of tabs is equal to the number of NSStrings in the array.

_- (void)selectTabAtIndex:(NSInteger)tabIndex;_
Selects tab at the same index as the tabs are displayed starting at 0.

_- (void) selectTab:(EHTab *) t;_
Selects tab for a particular EHTab.

_@property (nonatomic,retain) UIColor *selectedTextColor;_
Sets the text color for selected tabs.

_@property (nonatomic,retain) UIColor *deselectedTextColor;_
Set the text color for tabs that aren't selected.

_@property (nonatomic,retain) UIColor *shadowColor;_
Sets the color of the border on the left of the tab starting at the upper right corner.

_@property (nonatomic,retain) UIColor *borderColor;_
Sets the color of the border on the bottom of the ETTabBar view, the EHTab starting from the bottom left corner to the upper right corner.

_@property (nonatomic,retain) UIColor *tabColor;_
Sets the color of the selected tab.


h2. License

EHTabBar is available under the MIT license:

_Copyright (c) 2009 EGG HAUS, Inc.

_Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy_
_of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal_
_in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights_
_to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell_
_copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is_
_furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:_

_The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in_
_all copies or substantial portions of the Software._

_THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR_
_IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,_
_FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE_
_AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER_
_LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,_
_OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN_
_THE SOFTWARE._